website/docs: Troubleshooting Whitelist Email and Web-Dev Setup Docs (#6426)
goauthentik/authentik: website/docs/troubleshooting/whitelist_email.md

---
title: Whitelist email domains
---

> To whitelist specific email addresses for signing in through SSO or directly with default policy customization,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To add specific email addresses to an allow list for signing in through SSO or directly with default policy customization,
```

> Follow these steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
follow these steps:
```

1. In the admin dashboard, navigate to Customization > Policies and modify the default policy named `default-source-enrollment-if-sso`

> 2. Add the following code snippet in the policy-specific settings under Expression and then click Update.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Add the following code snippet in the policy-specific settings under **Expression** and then click **Update**.
```

```python
allowed_domains = ["example.net", "example.com"]
current_domain =request.context["prompt_data"]["email"].split("@")[1]
if current_domain in allowed_domains:
  email = request.context["prompt_data"]["email"]
  request.context["prompt_data"]["username"] = email
  return ak_is_sso_flow
else:
  return ak_message("Access denied for this email domain")
```

> This will allow only the `allowed_domains` list of domains for logging in through SSO such as Google Oauth2. If your email is not in the available domains, you will receive a 'Permission Denied' message on the login screen.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This configuration specifies the `allowed_domains` list of domains for logging in through SSO, such as Google OAuth2. If your email is not in the available domains, you will receive a 'Permission Denied' message on the login screen.
```
